More tests, docs, and minor things (#41)
temporalio/sdk-python: README.md

#### Exceptions

* Workflows can raise exceptions to fail the workflow
* Using `temporalio.exceptions.ApplicationError`, exceptions can be marked as non-retryable or include details

#### External Workflows

* `workflow.get_external_workflow_handle()` inside a workflow returns a handle to interact with another workflow
* `workflow.get_external_workflow_handle_for()` can be used instead for a type safe handle
* `await signal()` can be called on the handle to signal the external workflow

> * `await cancel()` can be called on the handle to send a cancel to the external workflow

Author: Done

The Python SDK is built to work with Python 3.7 and newer. It is built using
[SDK Core](https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-core/) which is written in Rust.

### Building

#### Prepare

To build the SDK from source for use as a dependency, the following prerequisites are required:

* [Python](https://www.python.org/) >= 3.7
* [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)

> * [pipx](https://github.com/pypa/pipx#install-pipx) (only needed for installing the two dependencies below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [pipx](https://github.com/pypa/pipx#install-pipx) (recommended method for installing the two dependencies below)
```

Author: I am actually gonna remove `pipx`, we don't need it.

* [poetry](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry) `pipx install poetry`
* [poe](https://github.com/nat-n/poethepoet) `pipx install poethepoet`

With the prerequisites installed, first clone the SDK repository recursively:

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-python.git
cd sdk-python
```

> Use `poetry` to install the dependencies with `--no-root` to not install this package:

Reviewer: Might want to briefly explain why `--no-root`

Author: "to not install this package". But I can provide more detail.

Author: Done

        print(f"Result: {result}")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    asyncio.run(main())
```

Assuming there is a [local Temporal server](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/server/quick-install/) running, executing the
file with `python` (or `python3` if necessary) will give:

    Result: Hello, Temporal!

### Local SDK development environment

For local development, it is often quicker to use debug builds and a local virtual environment.

While not required, it often helps IDEs if we put the virtual environment `.venv` directory in the project itself. This
can be configured system-wide via:

```bash
poetry config virtualenvs.in-project true
```

Now perform the same steps as the "Prepare" section above by installing the prerequisites, cloning the project,
installing dependencies, and generating the protobuf code:

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-python.git
cd sdk-python
poetry install --no-root
poe gen-protos
```

Now compile the Rust extension in develop mode which is quicker than release mode:

```bash
poe build-develop
```

That step can be repeated for any Rust changes made.

The environment is now ready to develop in.

#### Testing

> Tests currently require [Go](https://go.dev/) to be installed since they use an embedded Temporal server as a library.

Reviewer: Are you going to get rid of this soon?

Author: There are two things in Go right now: Temporalite wrapper and "kitchen-sink" workflow/worker. I am waiting on TLS support and distributed Temporalite binaries for the former. For the latter, probably at the same time I get rid of the former, I will rewrite the workflow in Python and get rid of the Go worker.
